Move some auth stuff around (#261)
ArcadeAI/docs: pages/home/auth-providers/index.mdx

Auth providers enable users to seamlessly and securely allow Arcade tools to access their data.

> Arcade has several auth providers available in the Arcade cloud so you don't have to configure your own.
> However, using Arcade's auth providers means that your users will see the Arcade brand (name and logo) on
> the auth screen and your authentications will share any rate limits from those providers with other Arcade
> customers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Arcade has many auth providers available in Arcade Cloud so you don't have to configure your own.
However, using Arcade's default auth providers means that your users will see the Arcade brand (name and logo) on
the auth screen and your authentications will share any rate limits from those providers with other Arcade
customers.
```

some nits, if you agree

Reviewer: The only change^ I feel strongly about is `Arcade Cloud` as a proper name.
